validation basic steps now in order to
do the hyper parameter optimization we
Define the objective function this is
the key this is the main part where you
define what the hyper parameters are so
you are passing it into a dictionary
okay hyper parameters and what could be
the potential values each of these
parameters could take okay depending on
what the nature of the values are here
these are integers so trial do suggest
okay this trial is the object that we
are passing to the objective itself then
we will train the Train the random
Forest classifier fit it that is this is
the training part itself then get the
predicted value
and compute the accuracy score and we
are returning the accuracy score this is
the objective function now once that is
done we are ready to create a study that
we are using the optuna this is present
as a method inside optuna object itself
and since we are using accuracy we are
setting the direction as maximize okay
so the study is created then called
study. optimize the number of TRS we are
setting as 100 you can increase this
number if you have more computation
power and patience all right so this is
the we app printing out the uh the